Enhanced run image resolution (#357)
buildpacks/spec: platform.md

### Run Image Resolution

Given stack metadata containing `run-image.image` and a set of `run-image.mirrors`. The `<run-image>` for a given `<image>` shall be resolved as follows:

> **If** any of `run-image.image` or `run-image.mirrors` is accessible with read permissions and has a registry matching that of `<image>`, this value will become the `<run-image>`.

Reviewer: nit: I think this sentence would be easier to parse it was phrase like:

"**If** any of `run-image.image` or `run-image.mirrors` has a registry matching that of `<image>` and is accessible with read permissions, this value will become `<run-image>`.

The phrasing now, kind of buries the lead. I had to read it a few times to understand how it was different from the point below.

Given stack metadata containing `run-image.image` and a set of `run-image.mirrors`. The `<run-image>` for a given `<image>` shall be resolved as follows:
- **If** any of `run-image.image` or `run-image.mirrors` has a registry matching that of `<image>`, this value will become the `<run-image>`

> - **If** the `run-image.image` is accessible with read permissions, this value will become the `<run-image>`
> - The first value from the `run-image.mirrors` accessible with read permissions will become the `<run-image>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**If** any of `run-image.image` or `run-image.mirrors` is accessible with read permissions and has a registry matching that of `<image>`, this value will become the `<run-image>`
**If** none of `run-image.image` or `run-image.mirrors` has a registry matching that of `<image>`, the first value of `<run-image.image>` or `run-image.mirrors` that is accessible with read permissions will become the `<run-image>`
```

I can't make a code suggestion on line 951 as it didn't change, but I think we'd want to check read permissions there as well.
